README.rst, before:

===================
pytest-datarecorder
===================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/steinwurf/pytest-datarecorder.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/steinwurf/pytest-datarecorder
    
Testing code by invoking executable which potentially creates and deletes
files and directories can be hard and error prone.

The purpose of this module is to simplify this task.

pytest-testdirectory provides a py.test fixture for working with temporary
directories.

.. contents:: Table of Contents:
   :local:

Installation
===========

To install pytest-datarecorder::

    pip install pytest-datarecorder

Usage
=====

To make it easy to use in with py.test the DataRecorder object can be
injected into a test function by using the datarecorder fixture.

Example::

    def test_this_function(datarecorder):
        datarecorder.recoding_path = "test/data/recording.json"
        datarecorder.record(data={'a':1, 'b':2})


Relase new version
==================

1. Edit NEWS.rst and wscript (set correct VERSION)
2. Run ::

    ./waf upload

Source code
===========

The main functionality is found in ``src/datarecorder.py`` and the
corresponding unit test is in ``test/test_datarecorder.py`` if you
want to play/modify/fix the code this would, in most cases, be the place
to start.

Developer Notes
===============

We try to make our projects as independent as possible of a local system setup.
For example with our native code (C/C++) we compile as much as possible from
source, since this makes us independent of what is currently installed
(libraries etc.) on a specific machine.

To "fetch" sources we use Waf (https://waf.io/) augmented with dependency
resolution capabilities: https://github.com/steinwurf/waf

The goal is to enable a work-flow where running::

    ./waf configure
    ./waf build --run_tests

Configures, builds and runs any available tests for a given project, such that
you as a developer can start hacking at the code.

For Python project this is a bit unconventional, but we think it works well.

Tests
=====

The tests will run automatically by passing ``--run_tests`` to waf::

    ./waf --run_tests

This follows what seems to be "best practice" advise, namely to install the
package in editable mode in a virtualenv.

Notes
=====

* Why use an ``src`` folder (https://hynek.me/articles/testing-packaging/).
  tl;dr you should run your tests in the same environment as your users would
  run your code. So by placing the source files in a non-importable folder you
  avoid accidentally having access to resources not added to the Python
  package your users will install...
* Python packaging guide: https://packaging.python.org/distributing/

Commit message:

Major: Updated API and support for recording files in addition   to data objects.
* Major: Updated API and support for recording files in addition
  to data objects.

README.rst, after:

===================
pytest-datarecorder
===================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/steinwurf/pytest-datarecorder.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/steinwurf/pytest-datarecorder

Testing code that generates output can be tedious to maintain
 ``pytest-datarecorder`` aims to simplify this task.

.. contents:: Table of Contents:
   :local:

Installation
===========

To install pytest-datarecorder::

    pip install pytest-datarecorder

Usage
=====

To make it easy to use in with py.test the DataRecorder object can be
injected into a test function by using the datarecorder fixture.

Example::

    def test_this_function(datarecorder):

        datarecorder.record_data(
            data={'a':1, 'b':2}, recording_file="test/data/recording.json")

The ``data`` passed will be serialized to JSON since the recording file
has a ``.json`` extension. If ``data`` changes, we will get an exception
containing a diff with what changed. If we want to accept the changes
we simply delete the recording and run the code again.

Relase new version
==================

1. Edit NEWS.rst and wscript (set correct VERSION)
2. Run ::

    ./waf upload

Source code
===========

The main functionality is found in ``src/datarecorder.py`` and the
corresponding unit test is in ``test/test_datarecorder.py`` if you
want to play/modify/fix the code this would, in most cases, be the place
to start.

Developer Notes
===============

We try to make our projects as independent as possible of a local system setup.
For example with our native code (C/C++) we compile as much as possible from
source, since this makes us independent of what is currently installed
(libraries etc.) on a specific machine.

To "fetch" sources we use Waf (https://waf.io/) augmented with dependency
resolution capabilities: https://github.com/steinwurf/waf

The goal is to enable a work-flow where running::

    ./waf configure
    ./waf build --run_tests

Configures, builds and runs any available tests for a given project, such that
you as a developer can start hacking at the code.

For Python project this is a bit unconventional, but we think it works well.

Tests
=====

The tests will run automatically by passing ``--run_tests`` to waf::

    ./waf --run_tests

This follows what seems to be "best practice" advise, namely to install the
package in editable mode in a virtualenv.

Notes
=====

* Why use an ``src`` folder (https://hynek.me/articles/testing-packaging/).
  tl;dr you should run your tests in the same environment as your users would
  run your code. So by placing the source files in a non-importable folder you
  avoid accidentally having access to resources not added to the Python
  package your users will install...
* Python packaging guide: https://packaging.python.org/distributing/
